With the 2026 World Cup slowly getting closer and Argentina, the reigning World champions, qualified for the tournament next summer, many assume that Lionel Messi will take part in it once again.

With Messi excelling in the MLS with Inter Miami, many fans can't imagine the Argentine star missing the World Cup due to his high level at the moment.

Messi sparked rumors about missing the 2026 World Cup with Argentina after playing his last World Cup qualifier match with his national team in September. Messi did not guarantee that he will play in the World Cup next year and wants to wait as the tournament gets closer.
Messi revealed that he wants to make sure he is fully fit to play for the Argentina national team. The number 10 of Argentina played in a friendly match against Puerto Rico in preparation for the World Cup.

In an interview with NBC News, Messi admitted that his time in professional football is close to an end because of his way of playing now.

Lionel Messi on his physical condition
While Messi is shining on the pitch with Inter Miami in the MLS, the Argentine star revealed that he feels he has lost a step in his game as he has gotten older.

Messi talks about overcoming certain parts of his game and making sure to adapt to his physical condition now to help his team, whether with Inter Miami or with the Argentina national team.

Messi said, "As you get older, you lose things you had when you were younger, like speed, quickness of reaction, seeing the game faster, and making decisions quickly. Sometimes your mind is faster than your legs… But I think I’ve always tried to overcome those things."

The Argentina star talks about adapting by saying, "I continue to try to give my best, making the most of my physical abilities and my playing style. I’ve tried to adapt to the new circumstances."

According to The Athletic, Messi has yet to decide whether he will play in the 2026 World Cup. In the interview with NBC News, Messi said, "I would like to be at the World Cup and be in good condition, and to be an important part in helping my national team... I will evaluate it day by day... I will see if I can truly be at 100%, and if I am capable of being useful to the group, to the national team, and then I will make the decision."

This story was originally reported by Athlon Sports on Oct 28, 2025, where it first appeared in the Soccer section. Add Athlon Sports as a Preferred Source by clicking here.

Source: https://sports.yahoo.com/article/lionel-messi-makes-sad-admission-162113806.html?guccounter=1 
