KANSAS CITY, Mo. — During a news conference Tuesday morning, KC2026 issued a very exciting announcement, offering soccer fans and Kansas City residents a hub for watching and celebrating the 2026 World Cup.

As a World Cup host city, Kansas City will also host an official FIFA World Cup 26 fan destination called the “FIFA Fan Festival.”

The festival aims to be the best place outside of the stadiums for local communities, as well as travelers, to watch the World Cup tournament in the host cities.

Attendees can expect soccer, music and entertainment, serving as a central destination for fans around the world, FIFA said.

The festival will be held at the National World War I Museum and Memorial, offering convenient access to transportation and local events during the World Cup.

“The National WWI Museum and Memorial, an enduring symbol of the importance of international peace and cooperation, is an ideal location to bring people from around the world together in Kansas City,” Mayor Quinton Lucas said, according to the KC FIFA World Cup website.

“I look forward to the FIFA Fan Festival showcasing the vibrant cultures, talented artists and diverse cuisines that make Kansas City such a special place.”

According to KC2026 CEO Pam Kramer, FIFA said Kansas City’s fan festival renderings, which were created by architectural firm Populous, stand out among all the other fan festivals across the world.

The renderings show a 65-foot-tall, heart-shaped entrance to the festival grounds, paying homage to the KC heart — a famous symbol of the metro, as well as the Heartland of the United States.

Additionally, the 45-by-25-foot main stage will serve as the “epicenter” of excitement and celebration of the World Cup. It is where the fans will be able to gather and watch the historic event live on the big screen, as well as multiple other screens along the sides of the fairgrounds.

But the fun doesn’t stop there.

A bird’s-eye view of the festival also shows a second stage, where fans will be able to enjoy live music and experiences.

KC2026 says the FIFA Fan Festival will “showcase our region’s hospitality as we welcome fans and visitors from near and far to gather, watch the matches, enjoy live music and create lasting memories” during the multi-day tournament.

In addition to the festival, KC2026 said it welcomed Black & Veatch — a global engineering and construction company — as a new “Official World Cup Kansas City Host City Supporter.”
Black & Veatch CEO Mario Azar expressed his excitement while speaking at the news conference, stating, “As a host city supporter, we are thrilled to support this historic moment for Kansas City on the world stage.”

He continued, “Black & Veatch is committed to helping Kansas City, businesses and people grow smarter, fuel innovation and thrive.”

The FIFA Fan Festival will not only serve as a large watch party for the community to enjoy, but also a pivotal moment in Kansas City history, allowing thousands to gather in celebration, cheer for their favorite teams and share their cultures in the “Heart of America.”

Source: https://www.yahoo.com/news/articles/kc2026-gives-first-look-world-163151550.html