The 2026 FIFA Men's World Cup kicks off a year today when joint-hosts Mexico get the tournament underway in Mexico City's Azteca Stadium on June 11, 2026.

It will be the biggest World Cup, with the format expanding from 32 nations at Qatar 2022 to 48 teams in USA, Mexico and Canada. The result is 104 games across 16 cities in three nations before the new world champion is crowned at New Jersey's MetLife Stadium on July 19.

There will be some familiar faces, some World Cup rookies, plenty of players and coaches under pressure to deliver and also big questions still to be answered about what happens off the pitch. So, with the World Cup countdown now just 365 days away, here's everything you need to know about what lies ahead in North America in 2026.

Messi vs. Ronaldo for the final time?
When Lionel Messi led Argentina to World Cup glory in Qatar in 2022, it seemed to be the final act in the decade-long battle between himself and Cristiano Ronaldo. By winning the World Cup, Messi had done something Portugal captain Ronaldo had never done, and with the former Real Madrid and Manchester United star turning 41 next February, there was no chance he could return for one last shot at the big one.

But guess what? Ronaldo is still going strong, leading Portugal to UEFA Nations League success with wins against Germany and Spain this month -- he scored in both games too -- while Messi, who will be 38 on June 24, is still the star attraction in MLS with Inter Miami and he continues to captain Argentina.

Four years ago, Qatar really seemed to be Messi and Ronaldo's final appearance in the World Cup, but it's now almost certain that they will both save their last dance for the 2026 edition.

The new kids on the block
World Cups always launch new stars onto the global stage -- Pele was 17 when he burst onto the scene with Brazil in 1958 -- and the 2026 tournament has an array of young talent waiting to become the biggest name in the game.

Lamine Yamal will be just 18 when the 2026 edition kicks off and the Spain and Barcelona forward undoubtedly has what it takes to be the star of the show, hoping to inspire his nation to a second World Cup win. But France also have a wonderkid in 20-year-old Désiré Doué, who scored twice in Paris Saint-Germain's 5-0 Champions League final win against Inter Milan, and Germany's attacking duo of Jamal Musiala and Florian Wirtz, both 22, are capable of dominating next year.

Source: https://www.espn.com/soccer/story/_/id/45486885/all-need-know-one-year-2026-world-cup 